h1. Plugin Compatibility

h2. adi_calc

*Version tested:* v1.1
*Notes:* Help documentation needs @<pre>@ code boxes where appropriate (currently incorrectly uses @<code>@ tag with @<br>@ tag).

h2. bot_privs

*Version tested:* v0.3.2
*Notes:* Uses inline styling that needs to be removed. Also, table should follow Textpattern @#list@ standard with @<thead>@ for heading row, alternate @<tbody>@ rows should use @class="odd"@ and @class="even"@. Uninstall text should be @<h2>@ not @<h1>@.

h2. dzd_counter_view

*Version tested:* v0.3
*Notes:* Help documentation @<h1>@ is not displaying correctly.

h2. rah_replace

*Version tested:* v0.3
*Notes:* Help documentation shluld use @<h2>@ instead of @<h3>@, and @<h3>@ instead of @<h4>@.

h2. smd_article_stats

*Version tested:* v0.23
*Notes:* Functionality/display fully compliant. Help documentation has inline styling that need to be removed by plugin author.

h2. smd_browse_by

*Version tested:* v0.11
*Notes:* Functionality/display fully compliant. Help documentation has inline styling that need to be removed by plugin author.

h2. smd_if

*Version tested:* v0.91
*Notes:* Help documentation has inline styling that need to be removed by plugin author.

h2. soo_page_numbers

*Version tested:* v0.3.1
*Notes:* Help documentation has inline styling that need to be removed by plugin author. Should use Textpattern standard classes and structure instead (i.e. @<code>@ and @<pre>@ tags, @class="highlight"@, etc).

h2. upm_textile_toggle

*Version tested:* v0.5
*Notes:* Functionality/display fully compliant.
