h1. Hive admin-side theme for Textpattern CMS

*Please note 1:* You'll need to be using the "latest SVN releases of Textpattern":http://code.google.com/p/textpattern/ in order to use this admin theme - we have done extensive work on improving the Textpattern admin-side code structure since v4.5 which directly relates to features used within this theme.

*Please note 2:* This theme is currently under development, and as such parts of the code are unfinished/unformated/untested - please check the "GitHub project":https://github.com/philwareham/txp-hive-admin-theme/commits/master regularly for the latest revisions.

You are free to modify this theme, reuse code herein, and distribute all its supporting files as long as licences are respected (see below).

h2. Installation instructions

# Upload the directory 'hive' into your Textpattern installation -> theme directory.
# Log in to your Textpattern admin area. Navigate to admin -> preferences -> advanced.
# Select 'Hive' from the 'Admin-side theme' dropdown list. Save the preferences.
# You can also install the theme easily using the "smd_admin_themes":http://stefdawson.com/sw/plugins/smd_admin_themes plugin.

h2. Custom CSS toggles

Options are provided to hide certain sections/fields/features from displaying in the admin pages. To use them simply add any of the rules below to your textpattern -> config.php file, before the closing @?>@ line.

*Hide Textpattern branding:*

@define('hive_theme_hide_branding', true);@

*Hide page headings:*

@define('hive_theme_hide_headings', true);@

*Hide preview tabs group (write/edit page):*

@define('hive_theme_hide_preview_tabs_group', true);@

*Hide text filter group (write/edit page):*

@define('hive_theme_hide_textfilter_group', true);@

*Hide advanced group (write/edit page):*

@define('hive_theme_hide_advanced_group', true);@

*Hide recent articles group (write/edit page):*

@define('hive_theme_hide_recent_articles_group', true);@

*Hide keywords field (write/edit page):*

@define('hive_theme_hide_keywords_field', true);@

*Hide comments group (write/edit page):*

@define('hive_theme_hide_comments_group', true);@

*Hide expires fields (write/edit page):*

@define('hive_theme_hide_expires_field', true);@

*Hide image caption field (image edit page):*

@define('hive_theme_hide_image_caption', true);@

*Hide tag builder column (pages and forms pages):*

@define('hive_theme_hide_tag_builder_column', true);@

h2. Development details

Supported browsers: Google Chrome 12+, Internet Explorer 8+, Mozilla Firefox 4+, Apple Safari 5+ and Opera 10+. Development environment requires <a href="http://sass-lang.com" rel="external" title="Go to the Sass website">Sass</a> 3.2+ and <a href="http://compass-style.org" rel="external" title="Go to the Compass website">Compass</a> 0.12.2+, plus the Compass extension <a href="http://singularity.gs" rel="external" title="Go to the Singularity website">Singularity</a> 1.0+.

h2. License

Third-party components:

* "TinyNav":http://tinynav.viljamis.com - MIT

Everything else:

Released under the GNU General Public License, see LICENSE.txt for terms and conditions.